hi everyone and welcome to Nicko's
kitchens fast food Friday today we're
going to be making one of my personal
favorite all-time fast foods and it's
one of the most popular around the world
of course I'm talking about the famous
fish and chips he's got budget meals
Monday what you want Wednesday fast food
Friday what else could he share it's
Nicko's kitchen where satisfying meals
are prepared so the first thing that
we're going to do to get started on our
fish and chips is the batter for the
fish so just into a bowl I've got a
sifter here and I'm going to be sifting
in some plain flour now the reason why
I'm sifting the flour is because I want
a really crispy batter and the more air
that I get into the batter the more
crispy it's going to be now I'm going to
season the flour just with salt and make
it a good helping of salt and of course
I'm going to be adding in some beer now
the beer will not only add a great
flavor to the batter but those bubbles
in the beer will also make the batter
really really crispy and just add that
straight in now just using a whisk very
very gently just mix together the beer
and the flour together so just mix it
very lightly you still want to have all
those air bubbles on the top and you
just want it mixed you don't want to go
any further than that
now next step is I want you to cover
this with some plastic wrap and I want
you to leave it on the bench at room
temperature for about half an hour so
while we're waiting for our batter we're
going to get started on our homemade
tartar sauce and there's nothing better
let me tell you then homemade tartar
sauce now just quickly I've got some
mayonnaise in here I have made a
mayonnaise video before I will pop the
link to that video in the description or
you can just use some store-bought whole
egg mayonnaise for this that too the
mayonnaise I'm going to be adding in
some gherkins and I've just
iced up and just add them straight in
next I'm going to be adding in some
capers that I've just roughly chopped up
parsley and lastly I'm just going to put
a small squeeze of some fresh lemon
juice and just give that a good mix and
there you have it
a nice quick homemade tartar sauce so
we're going to start putting out batter
on our fish and the first thing that
we're going to have to do just into a
bowl I've got some plain flour so guys
this is the piece of fish that I'm using
I'm using some snapper for this but you
can use any piece of fish really as long
as it's nice and thick like that now all
I'm going to do with the fish here is
just coat the fish in the flour and just
dust off the excess flour now bringing
our batter over I'm then going to put
our fish straight in the batter now what
I want you to do just let that excess
batter drip off the fish now with some
vegetable oil nice and hot I'm just
going to put in our fish now with the
vegetable oil you want to have it on
medium to high heat to this and the fish
is going to need around about 8 to 10
minutes so it's been about 8 and a half
minutes now guys and you can see that
beautiful golden brown crispy batter on
the outside so this is done I'm going to
turn the heat off and then we're going
to plate this bad boy up
now guys I haven't forgot about the
chips or the potato chips now I've done
this recipe before I've done these in
the oven it was one of my very very
first videos that I did and I will pop a
link to that video as well below in the
description and of course it wouldn't be
fish and chips without a slice of lemon
on the side now while that fish is still
hot the last thing the very last thing
I'm going to do is just put over some
sea salt just over the top so let's give
this a taste and I'm going to be using
my hands I'm just going to get off some
of that batter just so you can hear it
snap just like that
it's so crunchy now
I also just want to show you the flesh
inside just that beautiful white fish
that is the bomb right there Oh YUM
Oh Oh and of course not forgetting the
chips I'm going to get some of that
today's sauce on there oh man
if you don't give this one a go you are
missing out let me tell you it is
sensational all the ingredients are
below so check it out you guys take care
and I'll see you this Monday for budget
meals so until then take care